hello everyone welcome to a study 
automation today I'm going to show you 
how to automate flipcart.com so what we 
are going to do is we can just search 
here iPhone let's say 
iPhone 
15 Pro Max and once we will get the list 
we can click any link from here so let's 
say I'll just click on Apple iPhone 15 
Max Pro Blue version and then it will 
open in the next tab so we need to learn 
how to switch to the next tab as well 
and after that once we are here we can 
just try to uh get some information like 
product details or whatever things you 
can see highlights we can get highlights 
and we can click on add to card button 
so let's get it 
started here we have already installed 
selenium in our system like you can go 
here in pom.xml you can just create May 
project and add dependency latest 
dependency make sure that you are using 
14.16 and upper version so that you will 
not be you you you don't need to install 
any extra 
driver here I have written get flip 
cart.com and manage driver. manage. 
window. maximize so it will open in 
maximize window so let's try to see if 
it's working or not I'll just click 
run and we can wait few 
seconds you can see flipcart.com is 
opened through automation selenium 
automation here it is saying Chrome is 
being controlled by automated test 
software now we need to search here 
iPhone 15 Max Pro so what I'll do I will 
go here in our code and then next I'll 
write driver. find element by 
dot right so before going to find we 
have to you know let me close this 
browser so we need to type this I'll 
just copy text so we have to first find 
this search box and then click submit so 
for that I'll just go 
to inspect element 
and from 
here now you can see this is our input 
box once I'm moving cursor here it's 
directly going here so in this case you 
can see I have here name equal to Q so I 
can use this name equal to Q to locate 
this text box I'll go here again and 
then I'll say by name and then here I 
will put 
Q so this is one thing I have 
return let me just import 
it so to import either you can move 
cursor on it or just press control shift 
o Now find element will return web 
driver so I'll just search here 
web driver and then I'll say 
search box equal to this one so web web 
element sorry web element 
it should be web element and then now we 



can see we have the search boox element 
available what we need to do we have to 
write searchbox do send and then we have 
to send keys in this key I can say that 
I need to search iPhone 15 Pro Max once 
I'm able to search then what we do next 
is suppose if I have typed something 
here I we are just clicking enter so 
that click enter to click cck enter what 
we have to do we have to write here 
searchbox do 
submit and then once we will open now 
you can see we have all the list of 
iPhone 15 so let's try to run it again 
make sure that you are closing it 
again and run 
it browser opened and in this browser we 
have flipcart.com we are able to search 
we have list so till now it's automated 
now let's say I need to click on iPhone 
Apple iPhone 15 Pro Max so for this one 
we need to locate this element so I'll 
just go to our browser and here we have 
we need to click on this link so I'll 
first click on this icon we'll go here 
this is our text right so either I can 
use input uh by link text or what I can 
do I have just click here and we'll 
select selector Hub so I have installed 
selectors Hub which is one tool um in 
our browser and then we are able to get 
this so now in selector Hub I can use 
relative index I'll just copy it 
relative xath and then we'll go again 
here and then write here uh driver do 
find element by do X path and here in 
this x path I'll just paste 
this dot 
click since this is link text anchor tag 
so I need to do click and by doing click 
what we will have it will happen it will 
select this 
particular phone model let's CL close 
again and run it 
again 
you can see it clicked on that 
particular model as well blue model as 
well blue titanium model and it's opened 
in new tab so we need to handle tab as 
well from here and to handle tab what we 
have to do we have basically our uh 
script web driver is still in this page 
we have just clicked on this and it 
moved to our new tab but still 
controller is on this page only so we 
have to say compile uh slum web driver 
now you have to move to the newly opened 
browser and for that what we have to do 
is we have to first get the browser ID 
for main window and then we have to jump 
to the child window so so for that 
before going to click on this one we 
need to get the window ID so I'll write 
here so if you use get window handle it 
will return you the current current page 
ID so it is it is basically ID so if I 



will type here and then say uh main 
page equal to main page ID equal to I'll 
say main page then it will print some ID 
and then after clicking on the link it 
will open a new window that means we 
will have now total two tabs instead of 
page we can say main Tab and and uh then 
we have child tab so you will have two 
type two tabs so basically what we need 
to do 
is we have to jump or we have to switch 
to the another tab once we have clicked 
on it after that we can write code to 
jump so basically we have to write um 
driver 
dot get window handles one is window 
handle which will return only one ID and 
then window handles it will return more 
than one ID and if you see it's type of 
set so I have to use set and then I'll 
say a string and I'll say all 
pages let's import it and then after 
that what we need to do we can add here 
uh let's say Loop I'll say for and a 
string page column all pages and then 
here we have to say that 
if uh current page is not equals to 
equals I'll say main page right that 
means it's the another page if current 
page is not equals to this then in that 
case what we have to do we have to say 
driver Dot 
uh switch to We have basically switch to 
do window and in this window we have to 
just write here page so now after this 
it will switch to the just another 
page we have two tabs tab one tab two 
and then we are saying that tab one 
current tab should not be equal to main 
Tab and if that is true then we have to 
just switch to the new tab and then we 
can just say break right now after doing 
this thing we are now into the next page 
and if you just wanted to see the title 
then you can uh I mean URL you can just 
say driver. get current URL so this is 
the URL after clicking the button so 
let's see again so I'll just click on 
it 
we have 
searched now we need to click on it we 
have clicked as well and then we are 
into next page now let's go and see URL 
so this is main page ID and then we have 
URL after switching to the next page so 
it's saying iPhone 15 Pro Max Blue 
titanium that means we are into we are 
into this page not in this URL but we 
are into this URL and here if you want 
to get anything for example if you just 
wanted to click on add to button you can 
do that if you want to get the 
Highlights you can get as well so for 
example if I need to get the Highlights 
what I need to do I will go here and 
these highlights basically okay let's 



first click on it we have clicked here 
and I need to get the highlights this 
these highlights so I'll just right 
click and inspect 
element we can see we have Li class 
right so I can use this class as well 
but before that I just need to go to 
selector Hub and see right so we have 
um class name right so class name is 
this one which is total four so I just 
click on it class name just to copy it 
we'll go here and 
then we can 
say driver dot find element now instead 
of element what we have to do we have to 
say element since it's list of elements 
so I'll just say by dot class name and 
here I will put class 
name and after that what we need to do 
we can just say list of web El element 
so it will return US list of web 
elements products so basically products 
description I can 
say and then let's see how how many uh 
elements are there so I'll just print 
out products do 
size so it will say total 
four basically we have 1 2 3 and four 
right so we it will it should return 
four and if that is the correct then 
what we can do we can iterate it so I'll 
just use for and I will say web 
element 
product colum products so from products 
I'm just getting product and then I can 
just print it s 
Out product 
dot uh get text I'll just get the text 
from there let's close it and then try 
to run it again 
so I hope you are able to get this how 
we can automate any website it doesn't 
matter whether it is flip cart or Amazon 
you can automate any website any 
particular type of 
website so here I'll just go and see 
right so you can see here we have total 
four and then we get all these 
information if you have used uh test NG 
you can better add here condition right 
if product is equal to uh product size 
is equal to 256 GB R and if if it is 
matching these 
description then just go and click next 
which is add to cut and to do this add 
to cut you can just click here and 
select add to cut this is our button so 
either I can get the um xath so here 
this is xath I can just copy it and then 
I will go go and write driver. find 
element by do XPath and then we'll put 
the xath here add to cut dot click so 
now we have clicked on this add to cut 
button so it will added in that product 
product card 
list so I hope this is clear and you are 



able to automate flipcart.com if you 
have any question anything just do let 
me 
know thank you so much for watching the 
video